♪ [music] ♪
Before we get into events, I want to talk
real quick about something called helper
functions. And this is not specific
to React, it's just sort of something
in JavaScript. If we take a look at... I
finished an example here,
I'm going to load in some fishes. There's
some helper functions that I use
all throughout the app. So as we
store the data, it's stored in cents.
However, when you want to display how much
that thing is, we want to convert that
to dollars and cents, and format it all
nicely with the dollar sign,
and it does all the rounding and all the
good stuff. And when you add multiple,
it's going to add them all up. So when I
have some specific functionality that is
not necessarily tied to one of my
components, because I'm using them all
throughout the application, I
like to create what is called a helper's
file, and in this helper's file I just
stick little handy functions that,
they're not a module, they're not big
enough to be a module, but they're things
that I'll use throughout my app.
So open up helpers.js, and I've provided
this to you already. Inside that we see
there is a formatPrice(), there is a
rando function here that I am using
for this down here where we have
getFunName(). What this does is it's
going to grab a couple of these
adjectives,
a couple of the nouns, and it's going
to come up with these really
hilarious names like fierce
clumsy leaves, etc., etc.
So that is my helper file, and in order
to access some of these functions
that I need, right now we just need this
getFunName(), we want to open up our Store
Picker, and we'll go down to this input
here. And we want to just set like a
default value that is in here when you
load the page. You're gonna have a
random one every single time that we do.
So rather than saying a value equals,
because a value is going to be tied
to something called 'state',
and we don't actually want to do that
just yet. We just want to have a
default value when we load the page.
So we want to have a "defaultValue =",
and we are going to run,
again these curly brackets let us run
JavaScript inside of it.
We're going to run getFunName().
Now, where did getFunName() come from?
Well, we have to import it.
So, import. And since this is not the
default export, so we're exporting this
function getFunName(). We're not doing
export default getFunName().
It's just simply export getFunName(). And
that's what's called a Named Export
in ES6. I have whole series on ES6 if you
want to learn more about all this stuff,
but the short of it is that we need
to import getFunName() like this,
because it is a named import, and we want
to grab that from our helpers file.
That's two levels up, and it's just
helpers like that.
Now when we give this a save, and it
refreshes, there we go, now every time we
refresh, we're going to see a hilarious
jealous clumsy analysis.
All of these, apologize if any of them are
offensive. I've seen a couple of them come
through that are just, out of the sheer
randomness of them, they become a little
bit offensive. But hopefully it makes
you laugh. It's always nice to have both
fun data that you're working with as well
as make it default. So you're not just
mashing the keyboard to make it work.
You want to have some nice stuff,
"long-ugliest-potatoes."
Cool. So in the next video what we're
gonna do is, when I hit the submit button,
I want to then change the URL
to 'store/long-ugliest-potatoes'.